Internal documentation [14071] (#161)
eProsima/DDS-Router: docs/README.md

# eProsima DDS Router docs

This package generates the DDS Router documentation.
[Here](https://eprosima-dds-router.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) it can be seen the online documentation hosted in
[readthedocs](https://readthedocs.org/).
This packages is powered by [sphinx](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/).

## Documentation generation

> In order to install this package independently, use the following command:

Reviewer: Missing information regarding the required Python packages.

```bash
colcon build --packages-select ddsrouter_docs
```

In order to compile and execute the package **tests**, a specific CMake option is required: `BUILD_DOCUMENTATION_TESTS`.

```bash
colcon build --packages-select ddsrouter_docs --cmake-args -DBUILD_DOCUMENTATION_TESTS
colcon test --packages-select ddsrouter_docs --event-handler console_direct+
```

## Library documentation

This documentation is focused on user experience.

> To learn about the repository structure, the design decisions, etc. (developer information), every package is
> commented separately and code is commented using Doxygen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn about the repository structure, design decisions, development guidelines, etc., each package is documented separately and the source code is commented using Doxygen format.
```
